h1. Neo4j Places and People

Neo4j Places and People is an example project showing a way to use neo4j API, in order to model how people interacts with places, for instance, who lived where, and who traveled to where and when. The code sample has
traversals and plain CRUD samples.

The code was written in order to keep the application the most decoupled as possible from the Neo4j API.

h2. Feature list

You can find commonalities between people, such as:
* Basic CRUD for people and places
* Find out who are the people who visited the same places as you
* Find places that have people in common
* Find places that have been receiving "similar" visitors
* Lucene indexing integration in order to search for people
* Importer for the cities and somme dummy people data (in future)
* JUnit tests to test traversals (Work in progress)

h2. How to run the application

In order to run the application, just clone it (or download it here, if you don't have a github account) and do the following: 
<pre>
mvn install:install-file -DgroupId=br.com.caelum -DartifactId=iogi -Dversion=0.8.2 -Dpackaging=jar -Dfile=lib/iogi-0.8.2.jar

mvn jetty:run
</pre>

By default, the application will store the database at /tmp/graphdb. You can change this behavior, at
the web.xml file, with a property called neo4j_database_dir.

h2. Project dependencies

The project depends upon VRaptor web framework and Neo4j.

h2. Feedback

You can always get in touch to give feedback:
* Reporting bugs: Just report an issue, here at the github page
* New code (features, refactoring and so on): Feel free to fork it and send pull requests
* Doubts: You can easily reach me at twitter "@adrianoalmeida7":http://www.twitter.com/adrianoalmeida7